# 10. Switch a commit to a different branch
The project has evolved and you are currently working on two features: adding newsletter and fine-tuning footer-layout. You have created two separate branches: newsletter and footer-layout, dedicating each branch to the associated feature: newsletter and foooter-layout respectively.

You are currently adding newsletter feature and do some commits from the newsletter branch. The next time you come back to your project, you want to work on the footer-layout feature and you forget to switch to the associated footer-layout branch. You add the footer-layout feature from the wrong newsletter branch and commit to it.

Later, it comes to your attention that the commit you added to the newsletter branch actually belongs to the footer-branch.

So you want the commit adding footer-layout feature moved from the newsletter branch to its rightful footer-layout branch.

This is what to do in Git:

Checkout the newsletter branch:<br>
`git checkout newsletter`
<br>
Find and copy the commit hash of the commit that added the footer-layout feature. Run the command:<br>
``git log`` <br>
Checkout the rightful branch you want to apply with this commit. In our case:<br>
`git checkout footer-layout`
<br>
Then apply the commit:<br>
`git cherry-pick <commit-hash>` <br>
Then checkout the newsletter branch:<br>
`git checkout newsletter` <br>

And strip it off this unwanted commit, which is the commit that adds the footer-layout: <br>
`git reset HEAD~1 --hard` <br>
HEAD~1 means that we are resetting our newsletter branch to move one commit behind the most recent commit and rid the commit we have moved away from. Remember in our case, the latest commit on this newsletter branch was the one with footer-layout feature.